Add documentation for new `show_dimensions` API parameter (#824)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/5.x/reporting-api.md

*   **flat**; some API functions have a parameter 'expanded', which means that the data is hierarchical. For such API function, if 'flat' is set to 1, the returned data will contain the flattened view of the table data set. The children of all first level rows will be aggregated under one row. This is useful for example to see all Custom Variables names and values at once, for example, [Piwik forum user status](https://demo.matomo.org/index.php?module=API&method=CustomVariables.getCustomVariables&idSite=62&period=month&date=yesterday&format=xml&token_auth=anonymous&flat=1), or to see the full URLs not broken down by directory or structure.

> *   **show_dimensions**; some reports contain different dimensions on each level. When such a report is requested flat, all dimensions will be combined into the label column. If you need each dimension as a separate column, you can send `show_dimensions=1` with the request, to achive that. This parameter has no effect if the report is not requested flat, or when the same dimension is used accross all report levels. (Available as of Matomo 5.4.0)

Reviewer: just a minor spellcheck fix
```suggestion
*   **show_dimensions**; some reports contain different dimensions on each level. When such a report is requested flat, all dimensions will be combined into the label column. If you need each dimension as a separate column, you can send `show_dimensions=1` with the request to achieve that. This parameter has no effect if the report is not requested flat, or when the same dimension is used across all report levels. (Available as of Matomo 5.4.0)
```
